the nasal English aa-t just finished how
would you consider the level of the
girls that polish names is but I clears
quite amazed at the level there was a
kind of dividing from people that made
shorter nails and people that make
really long nails and both categories
actually in my opinion where don't quite
good the at the one hand you at now 75
work which was done very efficiently and
of course very long real competition
nails which were really nice action so
you enjoy it yeah 3 phone and they enjoy
to be judged do you think is a good
death it's a very nice job but it comes
with a lot of responsibility and you
have to be in the mood for the Deaf
responsibility so it's it's something
that I really enjoy however it takes a
lot of energy and you should be able to
get give also that energy so always the
day before competition I tend to do
nothing just to be able to focus on the
job at hand to put your hand its person
of you yeah because if a contestant
number one in contestant number 100
needs to be judged in the same way with
the same attention all right yeah I
guess so how long you are doing the nice
I'm now doing meals for about eight and
a half nine years and I started actually
by wearing meals myself and it evolved
into doing nails myself you always hear
do your nails on yourself right oh I
used to do them on myself the last year
I don't at the time anymore so I have
luckily I my girls and they helped me to
do my nails so you can get some free
right yes sir get some rest yeah because
if you do it then yourself it takes
forever so this is quicker and it was
your first teacher well I actually
didn't really have a teacher my first
experience was going to a trade show and
buying a creative powers and then using
them and playing around with them my
first real inspiration came from
teaching
from Elena multi ba from Russia home st.
Petersburg she was one of my colleagues
with easy flow and I learned a lot about
putting your fantasies into reality from
her so you did everything on your own
you just got the powders and you were
sorted out I made a lot of mistakes well
and try to make flowers with clear
powder it was not really a success but
by making mistakes I think that it also
helps me to be a better educator because
I understand what people are doing
because I made the same stakes exactly
and then and say come come here little
flower and get them let me give a firm
right and talk about inspiration I think
as an education you get your inspiration
from your students because sometimes you
show something and they turn it around a
little bit and that makes it something
completely else and that really makes
this profession really cool because from
everybody has a different idea about
colors and everything and you can take a
little bit here there and mix it
together and find new things and
specifically that you are traveling and
you see the new cities from whole wars
and the people they're showing you
probably the best art it did have so
this is very in spirit it's a very lucky
job that's nice nice and the next
question is about the future how do you
think what would be famous in future
because then they are is very similar
like a fashion word you know something
is trendy something's not past so how
would you consider what would be trend
in one or two years well I think there
is a tendency towards more business
thinking also with nail technicians the
market is evolving so we need to make
more efficient use of our time and other
products and I think that the biggest
trend will be thinking
about effect without spending eight
hours on a client because it's very it's
very not easy but it's very it's like we
need to make money with this business we
need to work and we need to earn our our
next training so take ideas and then
transposing them into workable things
and then style-wise of course you see
the tendency between people going from
completely natural nails which is still
very popular to the most extravagant
long nails which you see a lot of course
in Russia and Russia and Russia and
Russia and Ukraine and then Russia yeah
the nails which I really like good thing
it's a good idea to promote ourselves on
the internet when you can upload your
pictures and show it to the other people
and show the whole world I think it's a
great idea however i'm completely of
horror with computers so i simply do not
understand i don't even know how to do
email I don't know how to put it on off
whatever I bought an iphone the complete
laptop broke down because of the iphone
so but i think marketing wise it's the
best way to promote yourself because in
this time the internet is the marketing
tool of the future but i just need to
learn how to do that i think for that i
need an educator is I look at myself
what's your next goal for the future
what would you like to rush it privately
I would like to have some more time to
think about new things professionally we
just opened a new company and we want to
expand that further into the markets
around my hometown which is in the
middle of Germany Holland Belgium and
just expanding them I'm doing my best
with nails
and hope to stay able to do nice things
will be like that I'm sure thank you
very much for having me here and would
you like to say something to the name
studies from namespace to the Polish
name studies and keep on doing nails and
I'll try to join you on nail space in
the near future i first need to learn
how to login
you